7583 improve description of reader role (#7614)
OpenLiberty/docs: modules/reference/pages/feature/restConnector/examples.adoc

== Examples

=== Configure REST API management roles
When the REST connector feature is enabled, you can configure management roles for your Open Liberty server. These roles grant users and groups that are defined in a user registry access to select administrative REST APIs. You can use any supported user registry.

> - Administrator role: Grants users read and write access to administrative REST APIs, including modifying their configuration or settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Administrator role: Grants users read and write access to administrative REST APIs, including the ability to modify their configuration or settings.
```
